---
title: "Resume"
published: true 
---


### Location 
Jefferson, Oregon United States 

### Contact information 

trent.a.farley@gmail.com 

# Trent Farley
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/trentfarley/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/trentfarley/</a>


<a href="https://github.com/Trent-Farley">https://github.com/Trent-Farley</a> 



Graduated with an Associate of Science (AAOT) degree in Computer Science then transferred to Western Oregon University to obtain a Bachelor’s of Science (BS) in Computer Science. 


## Work Experience

**Computer Science Tutor	Western Oregon University  	Oct 2020–Present**

Computer Science Division 	Monmouth, Oregon



*   Teach students how to write computer programs, algorithms and programming languages.
*   Read and stay abreast of current topics in computer science.
*   Instructed students on facets of Java, Python, C, C#JavaScript, SQL and other relevant technologies.


## Education and Certifications



*   **B.S. Computer Science**, 3.5 GPA, Western Oregon University. Oregon 	**2019-June 2021**
*   **A.A.O.T. Computer Science, **Linn-Benton Community College, Oregon	**2017-2019**


## Technologies and Languages



*   **Languages**:	 
*   **Technologies**: SQLServer, SQL, Git, HTML, CSS, Markdown, Windows, Linux
*   **Frameworks:   **Bootstrap, React, Flask, .NET Core, Xamarin Forms
*   **Other:		**Data structures and algorithms, Technical writing, Scrum, Agile, CRUD, Blockchain


## Projects



*   **Pacific Northwest Turtle Tracking App** - Western Oregon University partnered with Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife to create an application for Oregonians to take a picture of endangered turtles. I requested help to build this application in Xamarin Forms and .NET core utilizing the MVC and MVVM frameworks to present and transform this data. During development, I successfully led the engineering team through multiple iterations while creating several pages of the application and the overarching data architecture. 
*   **MealFridge** As a senior project, my group built an application that utilized .NET Core and Typescript. This project was centered around getting recipes by what’s in the inventory, searching by recipe name, and generating a meal plan based on personal preferences. During our iterations, I utilized multiple API’s to retrieve data to reflect onto several pages of the application. In addition, I was the ScrumMaster during several iterations while solving blockers. 


## Extracurricular 



*   **Event Coordinator** Byte Club (2020-2021) Organized programs and activities for students to participate in.
    *   I coordinated with Western Oregon University and the computer science student body to create events such as hack-a-thons and game nights. 
*   **Hack-a-thon Representative** HackOR (2021) Coordinated with fellow representatives to organize and execute a hackathon. 
    *   I would love to discuss what a hack-a-thon is in a formal interview.